fear of what it will take 60 seconds
in the new vw golf 7
not with axel griesinger this time
but with kim christopher makes
just as much fun though the
drive expertise in things across
maybe not quite herself
I think that's all right
but axel makes control i want
So you and control with the golf
it's a bit and colleagues the
pirelli on it have that a golf so
a bit uncontrolled over that
We have just seen this across the board
as the best attack actually and that
is now without any advertorials or anything
but if you are really serious
the short in the camera like here ours
team paul the legendary cameraman and
Sebastian the best photographer and best
fast driver of the world we have
even the music left just that
all this time it is made out with it
maybe understand a little better
but this time also professional sound
the golf kim nice car design
or what do you say now old professional
a first designer the police
police we had to short the
make a change of position because the
career in your opinion, were you have to
not with the speed of me
fallen between roundabout driving at
Sunday morning only so is heat without
sunglasses are in me now
otherwise I do not have them too easy today
tomorrow, therefore, I have the
take off your sunglasses
The golf is actually the golf that
car that's right there they already have
from actually right with her claim yes
this may be the designer here
it will not let that happen
so we can short this time out was
It always infotainment to the clock
now for music in utah too
short if we can here and second
has is also seen what has already seen
One has to see me when writing yes
if we do it all sounds very
Well let's have a look at driving data
Abstatt vehicle start one now
beautiful golf that's all quite
funny
Let's do it again so that we can do it
how often does the camera stand?
wrong now she stands a bit
better just say what I'm talking about
a lot is eating slowly so what should I do
just say mine is so up to date
not warm so 22 degrees
We take the camera so that this
time to time song so it's a gag
on the event that one
just the bike that is not in the
Just handle this number makes up
who are in the panorama , so to speak
we also say very popular among blog
you can maybe race who
first lying position is you have that
I win the race but I like that
departure again high in the course again
High now have perhaps
stay we can not make a cut
World Cups is for beginners who will now
not so happy but this
next few seconds not quite 1 minutes
24 says the camera still has one
The man is also driving a bit here
with the scooter over it will be the
citizens from the circle is yes that can
that's what you have then to driving fun
I mean I'm just doing the design
here as well as are violently what do you say to
driving pleasure like prius on the
outside lane
that is unbelievable that as well as the car
You rolled off if you have your the pirelli
sat the little petrol engine in the sixth
Gang rolls 130 over the country road
is amazing it really has to say
and there's something about it
is operated today at base and
Sealing is details and double
Sealing details of quasi no more
very close to 235 on sunday morning 7
27 5 degrees in mid-october that was over
but it is actually sunglasses
The End
what 's to criticize on golf except
this funny pattern on the bar
golf 1 convertible golf 1 gabriel see it
very good christians belong
not much , actually
design technically I have to say
not so much changed with you
Raffinessen tricks worked
they are really cool
technically the first time golf
down was fun in any case
you can maybe splash
still be that the entry engines me
was surprised when i saw it always
again the 140 ps
cylinder shutdown with
manual transmission drives really nice
if you're with the siebengang dsg that is
completely toothless the value at all
Team of the opponent knows straight in the
do not really hide in serpentines
to disengage spontaneously that is not so
smells and also when the diesel engine
diesel goes very well with the six-speed dsg
beautiful
all were surprised as now was the
first time the first two kilometers
literary circle flew with it yet
save money yesterday but actually is
It always stops us manually, yes
In the end , a bit of the missing was missing
Researcher you also need the 18 380
ps can I have you times their both
250 newton meters the small and the big one
and in the otto normal city traffic applies
no one switches that off at 7000
revolutions the maximum at
three three and a half, the courtyard was freaking out
display anyway by heart at 1800
switched there have the cars at
the same torque
who needs the big engine at all
now the danger is that he was kim after all
no idea I'm not talking
interest
the expert opinion the ventilation also rushes
so hard that probably that one
totally dirty or better than bad
but we are now only after
five minutes on I do not know how that
Goes out here as often take the stuff
Do you know an open this rest am
Sunday morning
there come the carabinieri and now
we have to end the program
that was faked because not come
carabinieri paul man that 's it